updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16835)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/samples/workflow-discovery-sample.md

  
#### To set up, build, and run the sample  
  

> 1. This sample uses HTTP endpoints, which must have proper URL ACLs to run (see [Configuring HTTP and HTTPS](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/wcf/feature-details/configuring-http-and-https) for details). Executing the following command at an elevated command prompt should add the appropriate ACLs. Substitute your Domain and Username for the following arguments if your shell does not understand the variable format.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. This sample uses HTTP endpoints, which must have proper URL ACLs to run (see [Configuring HTTP and HTTPS](../feature-details/configuring-http-and-https.md) for details). Executing the following command at an elevated command prompt should add the appropriate ACLs. If your shell does not understand the variable format, substitute your Domain and Username for the following arguments.  
```
